# Union Dropship // 2.21.5014u
Assembled together under Union as agents intended to sow discord in worlds controlled by the trade baronies, the squad known by the codename **REVOLUTIONARIES** was on a transport run to their first official target in Barony space when they received a sudden distress call. The as of that time mostly uninhabited planetoid known as **HERCYNIA** was transmitting a wide band call for help. Guided by Union Administrator **MIRACLE WORKER**, the squad was immediately awoken from cryo sleep to begin an emergency sortie to the planet below. 

# Union Dropship // 3.01.5014u
After a week's worth of preparation and maintenance **REVOLUTIONARIES** are given their final briefing by UA **MIRACLE WORKER**. Not much is disclosed during the briefing past what the character's already knew. The initial contact packet outlines the group's mission thusly:

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

The squad board the landing vessel assigned to them, their mechs loaded into drop pods for rapid insertion after they have confirmed safe landing and exit.

# Union Shuttle Carrier // 3.01.5014u
The squad begins their descent towards the planet **HERCYNIA**.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Hercynia is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

The squad lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their gear as a small group approaches the shuttle. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. The shuttle then begins its automated launch sequence, only to return a year from now.

# Evergreen // 3.06.5014u 08:00 UCT
The Squad has settled in to their **NEW APARTMENTS** and housed their mechanized frames in the town's printing facility. The harrasment of the **eggregorian raiders** has been non stop, odd shapes hiding in the treeline and taking **potshots at Evergreen's militia**. It appears the squad isn't the only group that's tired of constantly having their sleep interrupted by gunshots as **PATIENCE** the NHP that oversees Evergreen calls them for a meeting.

# Evergreen / The Governor's Farm // 3.06.5014u 09:00 UCT
**PATIENCE** lays out the details of {MISSION 1 // BUG HUNT} for the group. Of the tasks presented, aiding the militia in ***hunting a sniper***, **OR** ***protecting the engineers*** while they try to repair the landing bowl the group chooses to **PROTECT THE ENGINEERS**. They mount up in their GMS frames and march alongside the engineering trucks to reach the landing bowl.

# Evergreen Outskirts / Landing Bowl // 3.06.5014u 10:00 UCT
**CRT REVOLUTIONARIES** encounters the raiders in earnest for the first time. They appear to be piloting mechanized cavalry units covered in large **CHITINOUS PLATES**. The goal of the operation was not to destroy the raiders and as such the team focused on **EXTRACTING TRUCKS**. Practically throwing the trucks across the field, Longshot managed to move three of the five trucks on his own. After putting some rounds into the enemies' frames they decided to fall back.

# Evergreen Outskirts / Landing Bowl // 3.06.5014u 12:38 UCT
The squad's downtime of overseeing construction is suddenly interrupted by an **ALLCOMS BULLETIN**
`>//FLAGGED::: AREA EAST OF LIU MAIZE ... END OF RIVER ...`
`AND UP ... OFF-LIMITS ... REPORTS OF HOSTILE PERSONS IN THE AREA ...`
`BROAD CAPACITY REQUEST FOR WILLING INDIVIDUALS TO REPORT TO LIU MAIZE ...`
`MERRICKTOWN ...`
`ORLEAN ...`
`OATSVILLE ...`
`AND ASSIST IN DEFENSE OF AG SUPPLY + EVACUATION ...`
`MILFORCE WILL RESPOND ...`
`PUSH CONFIRM`

It appears that Liu Maize and the farm's parent town, Merricktown, are calling for aid and Evergreen has just sent out the distress call. Being willing and able, **CRT REVOLUTIONARIES** make their way to Liu Maize to offer assistance.

# Merricktown / Liu Maize // 3.06.5014u 14:16 UCT
The group arrives at Liu Maize, seeing **SUBALTERNS** swarming the fields as well as a large farmhouse. Among the various **AGRICULTURAL DRONES** they spot four frames that appear to be military in origin, though very heavily damaged. They receive a call from **Albert Châu**, owner of the besieged house, explaining that his family is trapped inside and while the drones don't appear to be trying to get in right now they won't let anyone leave.

The party makes haste to approach the house when suddenly the largest of the military frames begins glowing an ominous red and their mech consoles all light up with **MILITARY EMERGENCY COMMS**

`>//ATTEND:::THIS AREA IS UNDER UNION`
`CONTROL, PURSUANT TO NAVCOMM SPECIAL`
`ORDER 1/TBK(???)ALL ORGANIC LIFE HEREBY`
`ORDERED:::EVAC INTENSITY 3 (GO NOW)`

`>///ATTN.ENEMY:::[☠☠☠☠☠]`

`>//ATTEND:::CURRENT THEATER (GRID:::A1-`
`H3+ALL SUBGRIDS) IS PRIORITY TARGET FOR`
`[PAVEDOWN_OVERRIDE] PER <MENDICANT_DEMAND=(OK)>`

`>///ATTEND:::LEAVE THIS PLACE. THERE IS`
`NOTHING HERE FOR YOU. MESSAGE WILL`
`REPEAT:::X(X=ENDLESS)`

`>///COMMAND_IMPERATIVE:::PARTITION OF`
`LOCAL FORCES AS FOLLOWS: VBND_R,`
`COMM_G, PART_B, AND CONSTITUENT`
`ELEMENTS TO PROCEED TO STRIKE-ID`
`TARGETS [XXXXXXXXXXX] AND ENGAGE. AWAIT`
`TASKING FROM <BEGGAR_MENDICANT_VAGABOND>`
`IN THAT ORDER`

`>///NOTICE:::YOU CAN STILL LEAVE::YOU DO`
`NOT HAVE TO FIGHT::IF YOU SURRENDER, YOU`
`WILL BE ACCOUNTED FOR AND TREATED WITH`
`DIGNITY::YOU DO NOT HAVE TO FIGHT.`

`>///NOTICE:::THROW DOWN YOUR WEAPONS. IT`
`IS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. I AM UNION I AM`
`PEACE. HELP IS ON THE WAY.`

# Merricktown / Liu Maize // 3.06.5014u 14:32 UCT
**Revolutionary Squad** destroys the frames and holds the homestead as the subaltern swarms seem to dissipate and return to their previous tasks. Albert explains that the **FARM'S COMP/CON** seems to have been infected with something shortly before this began. The team's hacker, Aces, interfaces with the COMP/CON and finds what appears to be **ANCIENT UNION VIRAL CODE**. He copies the data and wipes the COMP/CON, resetting the farm to working order.

With no further insanity to experience, the squad returns to Evergreen and takes a much needed rest.