# Evergreen // 3.12.5014u
Things have been quiet since the last sortie and the group takes advantage of their free time. Aces and Dragon work with the local technicians to build a **CORE CHARGE BATTERY** for use on their missions, allowing a single frame to recharge its core using the stored energy. Meanwhile Lonestar and Longshot dig around the ancient SECCOM ruins around Evergreen, finding bits and pieces of old abandonned war machines.

# Evergreen // 3.26.5014u
After two weeks the team manages to find all the parts neccessary to build an ancient SECCOM weapon, their mechanic Longshot sets to work immediately.

# Evergreen // 4.12.5014u
Initial construction of **THE UNCOMFORTABLE TRUTH** is completed, for the first time in centuries an intact **GENGHIS MK. I "WORLDKILLER"** stands on Hercynian soil. Unfortunately, the **KRAKATOA THERMOBARIC FLAMETHROWER** was unable to be reconstructed.

# Evergreen // 4.25.5014u
Lacking anything to do after fine tuning the controls on the new frame, most of the group spends their time drinking with the locals or watching holovids at the free movie nights hosted on Fridays. While the food isn't amazing and the movies are old it is clear that Evergreen is doing well and has a bright future ahead as long as these troubles don't kill it first.

# Evergreen // 5.10.5014u
**PATIENCE** sends all members of the CRT meeting plans for a defense council to be held on 5.15.5014u. The team begins to prepare their mechs now in case a rapid deployment is needed.

# Evergreen / The Governor's Farm // 5.15.5014u
At the defense council **BRAVA HADURA** explains that the militia's attempts to push back the raiders have so far been successful, the attacks are becoming less frequent. They have not been able to capture any prisoners at this time but if things continue on their current trajectory the future outlook is good.

Following Brava's briefing **EDENA JI** begins her report on the repairs to the landing bowl. At this time, thanks to the assistance of the LANCERs and further support from local militia the landing bowl is once again operational. Once Evergreen is able to make better contact with the outside world they will be able to call for new supplies as needed.

**PATIENCE** explains to those in attendance that monsoon season is coming to an end soon, when it does they will be able to repurpose the weather satellite above Evergreen for imaging, allowing them to monitor raider movements. They have begun compiling a report on goings on between Evergreen and the raiders to send to Landmark Colonial. They also explain that they have received similar reports in regards to subalterns suddenly turning and are currently looking in to the possibility of some virus possibly affecting local COMP/CON units. Regardless, the key priority is the safety of Evergreen.

At this, Patience reveals that there has been raider movement at the far edges of Evergreen's border. The militia continues to maintain a watch but from the numbers reported it is clear the raiders are planning some sort of counter offensive.

Patience places the colony on high alert and has the squad return to their quarters, with instruction that they should be ready to move as soon as intelligence is confirmed accurate.

# Evergreen / LANCER Apartments // 5.16.5014u 02:12 UCT
Our task force is abruptly awoken from their slumber by the sounds of explosive munitions going off close to their apartment block. Their milcom radios buzz with panicked shouts and barked orders. Gearing up and running out to the streets they find the air thick with smoke, a low haze covering the asphalt leading through the town. They slide their hardsuit helmets on and run toward the printer, intent to stop this surprise attack.

# Evergreen / OmniNet Printer // 5.16.5014u 02:43 UCT
The LANCERs quickly mount their new mechanized cavalry units, all but one of them piloting standard pattern GMS frames. A voice echoes through the hangar, harsh and robotic.

`MAKE HARRISON PROUD, LANCER`

# Evergreen / Bordertown // 5.16.5014u 02:50 UCT
**CRT REVOLUTIONARIES** reach Bordertown and begin the fight against the raiders. Utilizing the copious amounts of cover available the LANCERs make short work of the enemy force, destroying several frames before the others suddenly pull back. The militia cheers, they've done well to protect their home. Suddenly, a priority message breaks through the radio chatter.

`>//PRIORITY:::STABLE REACTORS REPORTING`
`MULTIPLE UNKNOWN CONTACTS:::WATCHPOINT`
`1 BREACHED:::WATCHPOINT 2 BREACHED:::EMERGENCY`
`EMERGENCY EMERGENCY:::ALL`
`MILFORCE DIVERT ASSETS TO HOLD+SECURE`
`ACTION IMMEDIATELY:::PUSH CONFIRM`

In the distance they hear a rumble as a great plume of blue white flame licks the sky. The first reactor has fallen, and soon so will the second. They need to get downriver and fast.

# Evergreen / Colony Ship // 5.16.5014u 03:15 UCT
The LANCERs arrive quickly, having hitched a ride on one of the large equipment hauling trucks. They find the doorway leading to the reactor chamber breached. After some tense searching through twisting ship halls they find the core, not yet reached by the enemy. They take up defensive positions and repair their mechs.

# Evergreen / Colony Ship Reactor // 5.16.5014u 03:25 UCT
A quick and violent battle takes place in the reactor room, the enemy force trying to slam through the defences. The LANCERs once again hold off the enemy, shredding armor and disabling locomotive systems quickly and efficiently. After the fighting is done they take some time to haul the frames out of the reactor chamber. No enemy pilots survived.

# Evergreen / Colony Ship // 5.16.5014u 03:40 UCT
The team climbs back into the equipment hauler for an easy ride back to the downtown area. The night is peaceful once more. The team begins to relax, patching small holes in their frames and repairing some minor damage to internal components.

Suddenly in the distance there is a streak of green light, like grounded lightning. And then more. The thunder of gunfire rolling accross the plains. The hauler picks up speed, now heading downhill as the scene of the battle comes in to view. A bloom of light, tracer rounds and burning flames surround Evergreen's new Omninode and hanging from the side of the tower a metalic beast, wreathed in flame. Through the night a strange screeching, grinding howl echoes through the valley. A monster has come to Evergreen, to tear it out by the roots.

# Evergreen / Downtown // 5.16.5014u 03:50 UCT
The heat is overwhelming, pavement sizzles and civilians run for cover. The rain does nothing to stop the flames that now burn in the streets, bright purple, unnatural. Plasma.

And when they reach the border between the outskirts and the main city, the wall that divides the two, they see it. Hunched over, arms extended, emitting a low synthesized growling. Their IFF flags the frame as an unknown make and model, revealing only the callsign, **REGRET**.

In the cockpit of The Uncomfortable Truth a warning light comes on, the text on its frosted surface reading **"TBK WARNING"**.

This frame, later found to be a lost Harrison Armories Enkidu, appears to have been mobilized by the raiders as a last ditch attempt to destroy the city. Our LANCERs engage the enemy, or rather the enemy engages them. Before anyone could land a shot against it, Regret leaped through the air and landed on top of Lonestar's mech **SECONDHAND HOPE**. Lonestar managed to avoid being shredded by the whips of searing plasma flying through the air but could not effectively evade the blast of superheated flame released from the vents of Regret which melted street lamps to slag, detonated nearby vehicles and set fire to the surrounding buildings.

Struggling to fight against the frame Lonestar attempted to blast through the cockpit at point blank range, slamming her Deck-Sweeper into the cockpit of the monster and firing off a few rounds. The beast seemed disinclined to let go and continued trying to tear her frame apart. It was as if the pilot had no sense of self-preservation. Another blast of flames, this time melting the front of the building Lonestar was standing next to. Realizing the danger to the civilians she tried to move forward and push Regret away but her diagnostic panel reported that her locomotive functions were compromised.

Dragon in his mech **COSMOLOGICAL HORIZON** dove in trying to grab the attention of the beast but was quickly repelled by a slash of plasma and another wave of heat. The building that was slowly being melted back into its constituent metals began to heave under the intense blast. Dragon managed to get in a couple hits before retreating to cover as his fragile frame's heat shielding began to give out.

After having dispatched the smaller threats Longshot turned his attention to the Enkidu, firing a salvo of anti-materiel weaponry. Finally, a hard blow was struck against the monster. It recoiled, falling off of Lonestar's frame as it poured molten slag from its now exposed reactor. The growls and snarls replaced by a guttural screaming, taking on human qualities. A deep pain in its mechanical voice, and a rage that was only growing.

Aces saw what was coming, he tried to access the enemy frame's locomotive motors using the advanced intrusion suite of his frame **FOR DISPLAY ONLY**. However, when his viral code was injected he found the beast oddly unresponsive to the commands. It was as if his code wasn't compatible.

And then it came, the shrieking roar replaced by a sound similar to a kettle boiling. Then the world was white, pure white. From the building came the screams of dozens of civilians, still unable to escape the apartment. Dragon watched in horror as the silhoutte where the building was slowly shrank and warped, leaning back as it did and suddenly all was silent save the hissing of rain against melted and heat strained metal.

Lonestar, being point blank was left unable to properly move, her mech's legs now fused with the pavement, her left arm missing. The canopy was melted, the glass bubbling and re-hardening into odd bulging pockets of foggy, plasticky glass. Another round from Longshot, the beast spun about to face him dodging the round only to have Dragon's plasma saber stabbed into its still exposed reactor. Lonestar lifted her shotgun just enough to get a shot at the things legs, blasting one of them clear off and the killing blow from Aces, screaming around a building he had used as cover he dove through the air and blasted the cockpit open with a point blank artillery shell. The lights of the enemy frame slowly died as power shut off. A final wheezing roar played over the machine's external radio.