# HUC Bivouac // 8.6.5014u
Invesitaging reports from **EVERGREEN** militia scouts, **REVOLUTIONARY SQUAD** finds what appears to be an abandoned **RANGER** bivouac.

After entering the tunnel on the downward end of the bivouac the squad finds themselves standing in what appears to be an **ANCIENT TRANSPORT HUB** littered with corpses, centuries old. After further exploration, the squad encounters a **TRIAGE CENTER** filled with the dead and dying in uniforms clearly marking them as **HERCYNIAN RANGERS**.

**DTHALL ORDO** makes her appearance, introducing herself once more to the squad. She explains that their people have been sending **SCOUTS** to the area of **EVERGREEN** but none have returned alive. Her team has been ordered to **RETREAT** back to their home base to provide security detail for a political summit that will be taking place to decide whether the **HUC** will offer **AID TO EVERGREEN**.

After a tense conversation with **PATIENCE** who explains that the machine appears to be preparing for an attack the party decides to stay with the **RANGER SQUAD** for the time being. After ending communications with Patience the squad has their **COMMUNICATION SEVERED**, and sees a brief image of what they can only assume to be their next major threat.

Forcibly commited to this path, the squad follows the HUC Rangers **UNDERGROUND, AS THE LIGHT FADES...**

# Hivehome // 8.11.5014u

After days of travel the squad reaches their destination, **HIVEHOME**.

The sight before them, from the opening of the cave mouth, is mystical and enthralling. A wide expanse of cave, larger than any they had seen before stretched out before them. A massive ocean with several islands rising from the waters was home to a thriving city, its buildings various shades of white and gold and bronze. The ceiling above was dotted with veins of precious metals, glittering like thousands of stars and in the distance a light rivaling the star above on the surface illuminated the entire cavern.

The group was shocked from their awe struck city gazing by the sound of a metal door being forced open and Dthall shouting. They appeared to be at a train station of sorts, except these train cars were suspended from large metal wires rather than running on tracks. **GONDOLAS**, that must be how all the islands here are connected. The squad was hurriedly boarded onto the waiting car and began their descent to the city below.

Their reception is not exactly warm, shouts of concerned civilians, swearing, spitting even some attempts at assault, all stopped by the squad of rangers the group has been "captured" by. The squad is ushered into a nearby panel van and driven away from the scene but not before they spot a living **EGREGORIAN** setting the record straight that yes, the ancient alien species has survived.

After traveling down what feels to be a well paved road for a short time the squad is released from the van and ushered into a squat three level building. These, as explained to them by Dthall Ordo, are their **NEW APARTMENTS**. The first day was dedicated to settling in to their quarters, the kitchenette was stocked with sparse provisions with which they made omelettes and stir fries. Two guards were left to watch Revolutionary Squad, Clefty and Daryl. The guards were friendly and shared a great deal of information with the group. After a quiet dinner everyone retired to their own apartments.

# Hivehome // 8.12.5014u

While the beds weren't the most comfortable things to sleep on they were a sight better than those they'd had in their cramped quarters in Evergreen.

After a good night's sleep the group met up in the kitchen for breakfast, more omelettes and MREs were shared between themselves and the guards. Further curiosity was answered earnestly and eagerly, small questions about daily life had over instant coffee type 2.

Their morning was only slightly interupted by a call from Dthall Ordo to one of their escorts. They were now free to explore the city, Dthall would stop by later that night to update them on their negotiation standings.

With that the guards took the group south to the seaside markets to get some fresh food for the fridge, new clothes for the humidity and some local tea made fresh by a traveling egregorian warform. After taking in the sights and sounds the squad made their way back to the apartments, schwarma in hand, and awaited Dthall's appearance.

# Hivehome // 8.12.5014u 17:42 UCT

Dthall Ordo met with the group to discuss the current status of Hivehome's politics. At this time, Hivehome believes that allying with Evergreen and making an earnest counterattack is the only possible chance of surviving the coming events. Hivehome's allies however are not of such belief. Dthall says that she will work on getting them to understand her position but needs the group's help with something since she will be pre-occupied.

Several days ago Dthall had **SENT RANGERS TO SCOUT** an area weak in defensive fortifications to see if any remnants of the machine might be trying to make their way into Hivehome but she's **LOST CONTACT** with the squad. She asks that if the group is not pre-occupied they attempt to make contact with the missing squad. She also tells the squad that the egregorian war strategist, **TERROR** has asked for an audience with them when they are able, no doubt to discuss a similar problem.

# Hivehome / The Dome of the Heavens // 8.12.5014u 18:00 UCT

The party has been taken to Hivehome's high command to meet with the leader and overmind of Hivehome, **ENDEAVOR**. The meeting is brief, merely an exchange between the group and the overmind to ease tension and make intensions clear. After leaving the central chamber the group makes their way to Terror's war room where they meet the massive warform.

Terror explains that researchers have found an **ANCIENT HIVE** that might yet have intact eggs or even hibernating egregorians waiting to be awoken. Contingency beings he calls them. He asks that the group **ESCORT** his men into the ancient hive to recover any of these contingency beings deemed viable.

The group explains that while they would love to assist and want to know more about Egregorian culture and history they are concerned that the rangers Dthall had sent out might be in direct danger. Terror understands their concerns and explains that he will send his men with a ranger contingent, he does not expect machine interferance, a small group of well armed soldiers should suffice. In regards to knowledge, Terror offers the group the chance to experience an **OSTEOMEMETIC RECORD**. The record has them experience visions from the perspective of a young egregorian watching the deployment of Regret against Evergreen.

# Hivehome // 8.12.5014u 18:23 UCT

The team accepts Dthall's orders, informing her that they'll be traveling to the coast first thing in the morning to scout the area for missing rangers.

# Death Valley // 8.13.5014u

The group arrives at the beach head, seeing smoke rising in the distance. Upon approaching the group notices several disabled HUC militia frames and rangers both repairing them and using them from cover. At first the party does not see what the soldiers are taking cover from until their mechanized chassis indicate heat signatures from the sides of the canyon opening. The enemy is using stealth camoflauge and are well organized.

After a tense battle in the sand the squad manages to repel the enemy force back into the ocean before assisting the rangers with their repairs. They escort the rangers back to Hivehome, no casualties are reported.

# Hivehome // 8.14.5014u

The rangers offer the SSC Swallowtail - Ranger Variant to the group as payment for a job well done. The group works on repairing the damage to their mechs before leaving the less detailed work to the maintenance technicians. Everyone heads home to the apartments to clean up and get some rest.

# Hivehome // 8.15.5014u

Negotiations begin between Hivehome, **DAYLIGHT**, and **MYCOL FIELDS**. The topic being discussed, allying with Evergreen to launch a counterattack against the machine before it wipes them all off of the map.

The representatives from Daylight and Mycol Fields believe that their best chance is to fortify their defenses where they are and prepare for a long siege. They have already lost thousands to the war with the machine, they are not certain that their communities could withstand further losses.

Voldrin cuts in, offering strategic advice: The machine army is endless, more so if they've taken Evergreen. With access to a printer Beggar One could literally produce a new soldier ready to kill, weapons and all, every ten minutes or so. No defenses will hold them back, they have no sense of preservation, no morale, no hunger. If the colonies go on the defensive they'll only really be choosing to die in their homes.

Adrian adds that if the concern is that the machine will be slipping in behind them while they launch an assault he could set up automated defenses on a "dumb" network, incapable of interfacing with each other. It'll be a bit clunky but it should be stable enough to support a small force left behind for defence.

Meanwhile, Jesse and Billy Bob work with the HUC engineer corps to achieve radio contact with Evergreen. After several hours of work they manage to get a patchy signal and attempt to make contact. Nothing is heard but silence. They continue to try and reach the colony.

Trade deals are made, contingency refugee plans, future tariffs and duties waived. After a long day of negotiations, the HUC is united under the goal of taking the fight to the machine.

The radio squawks to life, a connection to Evergreen's allcoms established.

```
-od thing. As we are able to track this
transmission back to its home hive.

Acting in my capacity as theatre commander
I have authorized the removal of this
persistant threat.

You are safe, Union is here.
```

Silence for a moment, then an attache speaks: "What does tha-"